An appreciation of in a station of the Metro 

Abstract: In a station of the metro is a representative poem of Ezra Pound’s early work. This paper analyses the poem based on its structure and rhyme and on his pursuit in the movement of Imagism and Vorticism. Pound translates a lot Chinese and Japanese masterpieces, and is also influenced by eastern world culture, which has presented in writing the poem. In addition, this paper discusses the relation between this poem and Pound’s love of painting. 
Key words: poem, movement, eastern culture, painting.

1.	introduction
In an introduction to the Literary Essays of Ezra Pound, T. S. Eliot declared that Pound "is more responsible for the twentieth-century revolution in poetry than is any other individual." Four decades later, Donald Hall reaffirmed in remarks collected in Remembering Poets that "Ezra Pound is the poet who, a thousand times more than any other man, has made modern poetry possible in English."[1] Pound is an important representative of Imagist Poetry Movement and Vorticism, and enjoys great reputation around the world for his translation work of Chinese, Japanese, Greek and Italian masterpieces.
In a Station of the Metro is an early work of Modernist poetry as it attempts to "break from the pentameter", incorporates the use of visual spacing as a poetic device, and does not contain any verbs. The poem was first published in 1913 and is considered one of the leading poems of the Imagist tradition. Pound's process of deletion from thirty lines to only fourteen words typifies Imagism's focus on economy of language, precision of imagery and experimenting with non-traditional verse forms is very successful.
2.	Vorticism and hokku
Vorticsm and hokku have taken a great part in Pound’s life. The poem is also influenced a lot by them. Pound is somebody in the Vorticism. He changed the term "Image" to "Vortex," and "Imagism" to "Vorticism." Writing in the Fortnightly Review of September 1, 1914, Pound expanded his definition of the image: "a radiant node or cluster, it is what I can, and must perforce call a VORTEX, from which, and through which, and into which ideas are constantly rushing."
He associates poetry with painting. As he recorded “That evening, in the Rue Raynouard, I realized quite vividly that if I were a painter, or if I had, often, that kind of emotion, of even if I had the energy to get paints and brushes and keep at it, I might found a new school of painting that would speak only by arrangements in color.”[2] 
In a Vorticist painting modern life is shown as an array of bold lines and harsh colors drawing the viewer's eye into the center of the canvas. In the preface of in a station of the metro, he says “that is to say, my experience in Paris should have gone into paint.” [3] He did write the poem into a painting.
Ezra Pound has a good knowledge of ancient and contemporary cultures of many countries. He has translated many masterpieces of Chinese and Japanese into English. In return, he gets the idea of compose a poem with super-position of images, like the poem of Li Bai’s and Wang Wei’s and Japanese hokku. The "one image poem" is a form of super-position, that is to say, it is one idea set on top of another. A hokku is written below.

"The fallen blossom flies back to its branch:
A butterfly."

We can learn that Pound’s in a station of the metro is also in this form. In his own words “The Japanese have had the sense of exploration. They have understood the beauty of this sort of knowing.” By saying “exploration” which refers to language of exploration that images in a poem is no longer used as ornaments in formulated language, but themselves can express their meanings in the way that beyond language. In such short forms of poem, like hokku, uses only images to convey the significance of a scene or feelings, but does not need any verbs. 
3.	Words and phrases analysis
So there is a question being raised that if Pound advocates the use of images and the precise instance (not the second intensity), why did he use metaphor or some kind not straightforward description: “apparition” in the first line.
Apparition, indicates people move around and pass by quickly and dehumanizes and disembodies “faces” with them. [4] Or the people’s faces wander in his mind, cannot be got rid of. But the pictures are not very clear, just like ghosts drift everywhere. The word "first establishes the sensation of unreality and the lack of precision which is then reinforced by the metaphor, and which, therefore permeates the mood of the poem." All of these remarks direct our attention to that fortunate lack of precision inherent in the word “apparition”. However, I would appreciate Ralph Bevilaqua’s idea more. Apparition has connotations of suddenness and first perception. In French apparition can and often does carry the special meaning of the way something appears to a viewer at the precise moment it is perceived. Pound has much knowledge of European languages, including French of course. In addition, the poem was written in France about a French subway station make this contention all the more plausible. Then the poem seems to exemplify perfectly Pound's notion of the Image [3] of an "emotional and intellectual complex in an instant of time.” [5] This connotation perfectly fits the pursuit of Pound’s own discussion of the genesis of the poem in question in which he placed substantial emphasis on the precise moment when the objects that moved him dashed before his eyes. 
In the second sentence “Petals on wet, black bough.” Petals are just like people’s faces which are beautiful and impressive, appearing in the crow of the metro. This gives the first intention of Pound when he met a pretty lady in the metro and then another… Petals are not blossoms. They may float away since they do not grow on the bough, which aligns the situation that beautiful faces twinkle in the crow, sometimes show and other time disappear. Every time they come into view, they show at different spots. 
The bough that petals rest, are wet and black. It seems that the bough is related to something dark and gloomy. Some think the bough and the “apparition” mentioned above present the darkness and evil side of human-beings. However, we should admit that in canvas, if we want to emphasize something or to make something lighter, we should paint the closest areas with more dark color. Then instead of using any tricks, the areas we want to be lighter, will no doubt look brighter than the white paper itself. We have learnt from the beginning of this article he appreciates the art of painting. [2] This makes it possible that Pound uses this kind of strategy to exaggerate the part – petals – his really want to highlight. That is to say he deliberately darken the bough part – to wet it – only to make the petals conspicuous. In addition, the bough symbolizes the crowd, in which the people probably are very unobtrusive in the metro station. One could be merged in the plenty of faces. But, suddenly, a pretty face appears, just likes a petal in front of the black background, is so impressive.
4.	The ambit of the poem
In Wang Guowei’s work Terms and Words in Human World, He believed that even though pure art served no practical purpose, it was crucially important as a means of enlightenment which had aesthetic, philosophical, ethical and spiritual aspects.  
The philosophical aspect was the universal ideas expressed through imagery and symbolism, which could be understood by any human being, from any cultural background, who contemplated the art.
Wang and Pound both advocate to use images and symbols rather than secondary intention words to write a poem. Pound conveys his ideas of this poem in the same scheme as Wang’s. In this composition, Pound doesn’t use any vocabulary to show what he was thinking, neither does he express whether he is happy or gloomy. What he writes are adjectives and nouns, only to recall the memory of the experience in a metro station. Thus the poem indicates a none-self ambit which means in this poem reader cannot understand the writer’s mood from the words directly, nor does the writer compose the poem with moody words. Writer and readers’ conversation is made via the links of universally understood images, which is exactly what Pound pursues that “record the precise instant when a thing outward and objective transforms itself, or darts into a thing inward and subjective.” In the view of none-self ambit, the poem becomes more acceptable for eastern countries like China and Japan, which is to say that the poem has more eastern world features. 
5.	Rhyme
As for the rhyme of Pound’s poetry, he recommends that “break the pattern of pentameter, which is the first leap in poetry”. In a station of the metro is one of the representatives of his idea. The poem is composed in the form of free verse with short rhythmic phrases. Only at the end of each sentence, “crowd” and “bough” are in vowel rhyme. But the rhyme of the poem is apparent. In the first sentence, the author uses a polysyllabic word (apparition) which has a long vowel or diphthong words, making the sentence smooth and sooth; the second sentence itself is a musical short sentence, with monosyllabic words, which reads briskly and fluently. [7]
6.	Conclusion
Pound helped to create the movement he called "Imagism," which marked the end of his early poetic style. He promotes three principles in writing poem with Richard Aldington. About these principles, Pound is concise but insistent: "1) Direct treatment of the 'thing' whether subjective or objective 2) To use absolutely no word that did not contribute to the presentation 3) As regarding rhythm: to compose in sequence of the musical phrase, not in sequence of a metronome." Under the construction of these principles. The poem, in a station of the metro is an expression of opposition to the traditional of Vitoria in which poems are wording flashy, delicate feelings and presenting in moral teaching form. It also breaks the constraint of the pentameter and liberates the form of English poem.
The poem is a representative of Pound’s early works. It shows the author’s view of the connection between the art of painting and poetry. In a station of the metro was wrote at the beginning of Vorticism which Pound later joined. So it may also be considered as an omen of the convert of Pound to Vorticism.
7.	Reference
[1] Poetry foundation. https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems-and-poets/poets/detail/ezra-pound.
[2] Modern American Poetry. http://www.english.illinois.edu/maps/poets/m_r/pound/metro.htm 
[3] In a Station of the Metro. Ezra Pound. Poetry, Vol. 2, No. 1 (Apr., 1913), p. 12. Poetry Foundation.
[4] eNotes.com. https://www.enotes.com/topics/station-metro 
[5] Ralph Bevilaqua. http://www.english.illinois.edu/maps/poets/m_r/pound/metro.htm
[6] New World Encyclopedia, Wang Guowei.
http://www.newworldencyclopedia.org/entry/Wang_Guowei
[7] 杨兴松, 柏钧. 埃兹拉·庞德及其意象派诗歌《在地铁站里》简评. 上海理工大学学报社会科学版. Sept. 2003, Vol.25, No.3.
